# Abby


Dear Abby

https://goo.gl/maps/duKFpaJVpRjuBbe27

Sometime long ago - perhaps Christmas 1954 - You, Alix and I (perhaps whoever was nanny, Tania and Allison too) were playing in Catbird Play Ground across the street from where we lived at 120 East End Avenue.

We were playing a game - probably tag. You were chasing me. I was running. I turned and looked at you. Then I turned and looked where I was going. And I ran straight into a steel jungle jim.

https://imgc.artprintimages.com/img/canvas/jungle-gym-november-7-1959_u-l-q1jkv1qo1zln.jpg

My head hit the steel mouth first. The top half of my right front tooth broke off.

Within a few days the break was capped. Nonetheless ever since - from time to time - the tooth has demanded some serious dentistry. One episode I remember occurred during my second form year at Saint Paul's. Perhaps it needed a root canal procedure.

Jumping up to the present: tomorrow the poor little thing will be sent to heaven (not that there much life left in it). I wonder if it will meet up with my hand and my foot of colon. Some weeks from now after the gum has healed, its place will be taken by some shiny new 3D printed thing.

Anyway, this is one of those crystal clear memories one has of one's youth - one that I have relived many times. And likely to relive many times more.

The interesting thing is that today - for no good reason - I feel a need to write this down and to share it with you and "our people".

The silly thing is that I almost want to say "thank you, Abby" for having quite inadvertently caused all these memories to be generated - or am I just getting long in the tooth?

love

Theo
